# UXL Launcher Version 3.3 Stable Changelog
Released on 7/26/2020 (MM/DD/YYYY).

Time's gone by so fast that it doesn't feel like it's been seven years since the predecessor to this project was started, but it has, and I'm glad UXL Launcher continues to exist for now.

After almost a year and a half of waiting in the pipeline, filling in time, I'd like to welcome you to Version 3.3 Stable. This version was provided with some new toys including the ability to apply themes to the rest of the windows, such as the About and Options windows. In addition, there are some bug fixes, changes, and new features, including the option to bypass the configured location in the Options window for all apps that allow it, as opposed to just some of the deprecated/removed ones.

Please be sure to read the Readme included with this version of UXL Launcher or [online](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/uxl-launcher/blob/master/docs/readmes/readme-v3.3.txt) as it has important info. Also refer to the [System Requirements](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/wiki/System-Requirements).

If you're reading this in Notepad or another text editor, it displays best in Word Wrap view. Click on Format>Word Wrap on the top bar. Notepad++ users will find it under View>Word Wrap. Word Wrap is automatically done if viewing on GitHub or on the website.

## Hashes

You can use Windows PowerShell to confirm the hash of the main UXL Launcher EXE file by running
`Get-FileHash .\UXL-Launcher.exe -Algorithm SHA256` in the folder you extracted the archive to and comparing the output to my sum listed below. HowToGeek has a nice [article on this](https://www.howtogeek.com/67241/htg-explains-what-are-md5-sha-1-hashes-and-how-do-i-check-them/), but the Windows section is a bit further down on the page.

To check the installer's hash, run `Get-FileHash .\UXL-Launcher_v3.3-Stable.exe -Algorithm SHA256` in Windows PowerShell.

SHA-256 sum for "UXL-Launcher.exe" in the archive:
BB375676FCA716C998130967C7CEF9771336061D0E333C86A5B5AFD42B46A617

SHA-256 sum for "UXL-Launcher_v3.3-Stable.exe" (the installer attached to this release):
Not ready yet.


## Added

- The About and Options windows can now be themed in Theme Engine Version 1.03. ([issue #135](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/135))
  - All built-in themes have support for this.
  - Themes need to set their `UseThemeEngineVersion` node value to 1.03 to apply colors to the About and Options windows. Themes that aren't upgraded to TE1.03 won't have their colors applied to forms other than the main window.
  - To accomplish this, there are now additional controls that can be themed. Most examples taken from `TenDark`:
  <details><summary>Click to show</summary>

    - About window Banner Style: Options are "Light" and "Dark". Everything else will be set to "Light". You might need to capitalize the first letter and leave the rest lowercase for this to work since I forgot to do a lowercase string comparison. Default value: `Light`. Example:
	```xml
	<AboutWindow>
        <!-- This controls how the About window's banner appears.
        Available BannerStyle options are "Light" and "Dark".
        Anything else will be set to "Light". -->
        <BannerStyle>Dark</BannerStyle>
    </AboutWindow>
	```
	- Button FlatAppearance MouseOverBackColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `Nothing` (requires leaving the node out; `LiteralNothing` isn't supported for this property). Example:
	```xml
	<!-- Anything within the "FlatAppearance" element will only be used if
        "FlatStyle" is set to "Flat". -->
    <FlatAppearance>
	...
	<MouseOverBackColor>Gray</MouseOverBackColor>
	...
	</FlatAppearance>
	```
	- Button FlatAppearance MouseDownBackColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `Nothing` (requires leaving the node out; `LiteralNothing` isn't supported for this property). Example:
	```xml
	<!-- Anything within the "FlatAppearance" element will only be used if
        "FlatStyle" is set to "Flat". -->
    <FlatAppearance>
	...
	<MouseDownBackColor>Silver</MouseOverBackColor>
	...
	</FlatAppearance>
	```
	- Checkbox BackColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `Transparent`. Example:
	```xml
	<CheckBox>
        <BackColor>Transparent</BackColor>
        ...
    </CheckBox>
	```
	- Checkbox ForeColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `ControlText`. Example:
	```xml
	<CheckBox>
	    ...
        <ForeColor>White</ForeColor>
    </CheckBox>
	```
	- Dropdown (ComboBox) BackColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color except `Transparent`. Default value: `Window`. Example:
	```xml
	<Dropdown>
        <!-- This is for the ComboBox controls, but "Dropdown" is probably
        a more common name for people to call them. -->
        <BackColor>#363636</BackColor>
        ...
      </Dropdown>
	```
	- Dropdown (ComboBox) ForeColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `ControlText`. Example:
	```xml
	<Dropdown>
        <!-- This is for the ComboBox controls, but "Dropdown" is probably
        a more common name for people to call them. -->
        ...
	    <ForeColor>White</ForeColor>
      </Dropdown>
	```
	- LinkLabel BackColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `Transparent`. Example:
	```xml
	<LinkLabel>
        <BackColor>Transparent</BackColor>
        ...
    </LinkLabel>
	```
	- LinkLabel ForeColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `ControlText`. This is used when the `LinkArea` property is set to not cover the entire link label. Example:
	```xml
	<LinkLabel>
        ...
        <ForeColor>White</ForeColor>
        ...
    </LinkLabel>
	```
	- LinkLabel ActiveLinkColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `Red`. Example:
	```xml
	<LinkLabel>
        ...
        <ActiveLinkColor>Red</ActiveLinkColor>
        ...
    </LinkLabel>
	```
	- LinkLabel LinkColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `#0000FF`. Example:
	```xml
	<LinkLabel>
        ...
        <LinkColor>DodgerBlue</LinkColor>
    </LinkLabel>
	```
	- Panel BackColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `Control`. Example:
	```xml
	<Panel>
        <BackColor>Black</BackColor>
        ...
    </Panel>
	```
	- Panel ForeColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `ControlText`. Example:
	```xml
	<Panel>
        ...
        <ForeColor>White</ForeColor>
    </Panel>
	```
	- RadioButton BackColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `Transparent`. Example:
	```xml
	<RadioButton>
        <BackColor>Transparent</BackColor>
        ...
    </RadioButton>
	```
	- RadioButton ForeColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `ControlText`. Example:
	```xml
	<RadioButton>
        ...
		<ForeColor>White</ForeColor>
    </RadioButton>
	```
	- TableLayoutPanel BackColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `Control`. Example:
	```xml
	<TableLayoutPanel>
        <BackColor>#202020</BackColor>
        ...
    </TableLayoutPanel>
	```
	- TableLayoutPanel ForeColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `ControlText`. Example:
	```xml
	<TableLayoutPanel>
        ...
		<ForeColor>White</ForeColor>
    </TableLayoutPanel>
	```
	- TableLayoutPanel ApplyToAboutWindowAboutTabTLP: Boolean. If set to `True`, the table layout panel colors will be applied to the table layout panel that holds the link labels in the About window. Default value: `False`. Example from "ReturnOfNight" theme:
	```xml
	<TableLayoutPanel>
        ...
        <!--If you want this to apply to the table layout panel inside the
        About window About tab, set ApplyToAboutWindowAboutTabTLP to True
        as shown below. Otherwise, the tab page control's colors will
        be used instead-->
        <ApplyToAboutWindowAboutTabTLP>True</ApplyToAboutWindowAboutTabTLP>
    </TableLayoutPanel>
	```
	- TabPage BackColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `Window`. Example:
	```xml
	<TabPage>
        <BackColor>Black</BackColor>
        ...
    </TabPage>
	```
	- TabPage ForeColor: Can be any valid HTML or system color. Default value: `ControlText`. Example:
	```xml
	<TabPage>
        ...
		<ForeColor>White</ForeColor>
    </TabPage>
	```
	</details>

- You can have UXL Launcher match the Windows 10 theme settings if you want to by checking the `Match Windows 10 theme settings` checkbox in the `Options` window `Personalization` tab. ([issue #138](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/138))
  - Please be aware that the Windows 10 theme is only checked on application startup and when saving settings.
  - The light theme is `Default`, and the dark theme is `TenDark`.
  - If the version of Windows that's being used doesn't support the `AppsUseLightTheme` key value (if UXL Launcher is being run on Windows 7, for example), then the `Default` theme will be used instead.
- Themes that support TE1.03 can now specify `LiteralNothing` as the `StatusBar BackColor` value so that the small line at the top of the statusbar is visible as seen when not using the theme engine. If the theme doesn't support TE1.03, then the default value will be `Control`, otherwise the default will be `LiteralNothing`. ([issue #141](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/141))
- Theme engine error handler now has an output for `System.ArgumentException` exceptions. These may appear if the textbox backcolor property doesn't support the specified color.
- You can now have most applications bypass the configured location instead of only deprecated or removed apps being able to. This [may help for Office 2010 Home and Student and Home and Business](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/70). You can use this by selecting the `Bypass configured location for all compatible apps` radio button in the `Options` window `Advanced` tab. ([issue #109](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/109), [pull request #163](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/163))
- PortableThemeEngine/TE2.x is a library based on the UXL Launcher Theme Engine and it's described in much more detail in its own [section](#PortableThemeEngine) below.
- If you're updating UXL Launcher with the installer and you've changed settings, it'll now ask if you want to migrate your settings to the new version on first startup.
  - For now, you won't be able to migrate the settings again if you say no, but that may change in a future version.
  - The zip file version doesn't have this by default, but you can set `autoupgradeUserSettings` to `True` in the config file before opening it if you wish. It'll have to be extracted to the same directory as the previous version for it to properly migrate settings, though.

## Changed

- The bypass configured location for deprecated apps checkbox has been split into two radio buttons with the addition of an option to bypass most apps (provided by a third radio button).
- Controls and labels in the Options window are now more centered.
- There's a new label on the `Options` window `General` tab that helps the user if they're unsure which version of Office to select:
```text
If you're unsure of which version you use, just select
the latest one. A future version will default to Office 2019
since Office 2010 support ends October 2020.
```
- Debug labels have been moved to their own window, which you can get to via `debug>Debug info window...` in the menubar if you have `debugmodeShowLabels` set to `True` in the config file. This window won't block the rest of the application from being used while it's open. ([issue #86](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/86), [pull request #162](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/162))
- If the theme file specifies that it uses a newer version of the theme engine, a warning will be appended to the end of the theme details. ([issue #166](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/166))
- Custom theme path is only displayed in the Immediate Window if the current theme is `(Custom)`.
- Some wording was changed in the theme engine error handler output ("malformed" was changed to "invalid") in case the theme engine runs into a `System.Xml.XmlException` exception.
- Various themes now use system colors that don't change based on the system theme to prevent the wrong colors from being applied in case the system theme has, for example, white instead of black for control text.
- The theme engine is now more compact than it was before. ([pull request #155](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/155))
- `Button FlatStyle BorderColor`s are now checked in TE1.03 and TE2.x to make sure they're not transparent before trying to apply them. If they are, then the default color will be applied depending on what version of the theme engine the file supports. This may speed up applying themes slightly. In case there's an issue when applying the color, there's still a Try...Catch block to handle it. ([pull request #174](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/174))
- TE2.x now uses the `Version` class instead of `Decimal`s for figuring out the theme engine version that the theme wants to use. This has the added effect of TE1.x-style version numbers being converted to TE2.x-style version numbers, where the leading zero gets removed like so: `1.03 --> 1.3`. These versions are effectively identical in TE2.x, though TE1.03 will issue a warning that 1.3 is newer than 1.03. This will not be backported to TE1.x due to it being a lot of work to change. ([issue #164](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/164), [pull request #174](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/174))
- Update [applauncher-icons](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/applauncher-icons) to [version 3.0](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/applauncher-icons/releases/tag/v3.0). This has the following benefits: ([pull request #175](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/175))
  - Smoother icons
  - Drop shadows under the letters to provide depth for regular-sized icons
  - "Plus" signs in the bottom-right corner the icons in the `File>New` menu.
  - Greatly reduces the size of the main EXE file
- Inno Setup's "modern" wizard style is now being used for the installer.
- Updated copyright years from 2013-2019 to 2013-2020.

## Fixed

- Choosing to open the Options window to change configured location settings from an error message about not being able to find the app while the Options window is open will close the Options window. ([issue #182](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/182))
- If the Drive Location textbox length requirement isn't met when using "Test settings", you can't type anything into the textbox after closing the warning messagebox and before the settings are tested. ([issue #142](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/142))
- Trying to load a custom theme that has something like "1.03..34" in the <UseThemeEngineVersion> node will crash UXL Launcher with an InvalidCastException when opening the Options window, choosing it with the "Browse for a custom theme" dialog, or when switching to using a custom theme and it's in the custom theme path textbox. ([issue #173](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/173), [pull request #174](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/174))
- Maudern's contrast has been greatly improved and is much more usable/readable now. If you still wish to use the previous version, please select `MaudernClassic` in the themes dropdown. MaudernClassic is almost the same as the original Maudern, except that it applies to all windows/forms. ([issue #146](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/146))
- "TenDark" theme button highlight colors are a bit hard to see. ([issue #140](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/140))
- `TextBox BackColor`s are now set to the default value in case a transparent color is specified in the theme file. This change applies to both TE1.03 and TE2.x. ([pull request #174](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/174))
- Greatly improved tab stops in the About and Options windows. Before now, it wasn't possible to use the keyboard to navigate to and activate the "Save" button, which is a major issue. Other than that, the tab stops generally make a lot more sense now. ([pull request #155](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/155))
- Fixed some typos.

## Deprecation/future change notices

- A future version will change the default Office version in the Options window to Office 2019 due to Office 2010 support ending in October 2020.
- Version 3.4 will have the Drive location and Bypass configured location options switch tabs. A link label has been added to the Options window to let the user know about this. ([issue #180](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/180))
- TE1.x/UXL Launcher Theme Engine will be deprecated sometime after support for TE2.x/PortableThemeEngine is introduced, and UXL Launcher 4.0 will fully remove support for TE1.x. Estimated deprecation timeline; may be changed at any moment:
  - TE1.x full support; TE2.x gains features to match what TE1.x can do **<-- You Are Here**
  - TE2.x support introduced; TE1.x is still the default but can be switched to using TE2.x via the UI
  - TE2.x becomes the default; TE1.x is deprecated but support is still available and can be used again through the UI
  - TE2.x is still the default; TE1.x is still available, but the UI to switch back to it is removed so you'll have to edit the config file instead
  - TE1.x support is fully removed; only TE2.x remains

## PortableThemeEngine

PortableThemeEngine/TE2.x is basically the UXL Launcher Theme Engine/TE1.x split into its own library so that other Windows Forms applications can use it, and it's licensed under the Apache License 2.0. The first version of it is version 2.0 as it's meant to be the successor to the built-in theme engine. Eventually it'll replace the built-in version as well, likely by the time UXL Launcher 4.0 is out. Please be aware that it's unfinished and doesn't currently support theming every built-in Windows Forms control, and it may never unless other projects need certain controls to be supported.

If you wish to use PortableThemeEngine in your application, you can use the following example code (after  building the solution [since there's no pre-compiled binary package for it yet] and adding it as a reference) to get started quickly, or see `PortableThemeEngineDebugger`'s code for more examples:
```vbnet
' Apply TenDark theme to current form.
' You can import libportablethemeengine if you wish to make declarations simpler.
' "Me.components" is only necessary if you wish to apply the theme to things like
'   Windows Forms context menus. A component is anything that goes in the
'   tray below the Windows Forms Designer.
libportablethemeengine.ThemeEngine.SelectTheme("TenDark", Me, Me.components)
```

Currently-available built-in themes include `Default`, `Eyesore`, `Eyesore2`, `Maudern`, `MaudernClassic`, `Mitty`, `ReturnOfNight`, `RGB`, and `TenDark`. There are also TE2.x-compatible versions of the RGB and TenDark themes, named `TE2DotX_RGB` and `TE2DotX_TenDark`, respectively.

Since TE1.x will eventually be removed from UXL Launcher, care has been taken to make sure TE2.x is backward-compatible with TE1.x themes.

Specifying a theme as a TE2.x theme is done as follows:
```xml
  <!-- "UseThemeEngineVersion" is used to specify the version of the
  UXL Launcher Theme Engine to use in case there are changes in newer
  versions of the theme engine that designers or developers don't want
  to use. Version 1.01 is the oldest version number available and anything
  smaller than that will automatically be set to 1.01 at runtime. -->
  
  <!-- Starting with 2.0, this is changed to be the Theme Engine Runtime Version.
  For compatibility with TE1.x, it may be a good idea to include the
  UseThemeEngineVersion node alongside the ThemeEngine RuntimeVersion node
  and attribute.
  
  RuntimeVersion numbers lower than 2.0 are treated as TE1.x themes, and
  the version number in the UseThemeEngineVersion node will be used instead.
  Same thing happens if the ThemeEngine RuntimeVersion attribute is missing. -->
  
  <!-- TE1.x compatibility: --><UseThemeEngineVersion>1.03</UseThemeEngineVersion>
  <ThemeEngine RuntimeVersion="2.0" />
```

There are some changes that are part of PortableThemeEngine that don't really fit anywhere else, so they're going here. Most of the following changes were copied from [PR 174](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/174)).

Added:
- Apps using PortableThemeEngine can specify multiple things before having it apply a theme as detailed below:
  - Property `ThemeEngine.UseSafeColorValidation()`: Boolean; defaults to `True`. Determines whether fast or safe color validation is performed when assigning theme colors. 
    - Fast color validation: `UseSafeColorValidation() = False`. Works like TE1.x where invalid colors rely on a Try...Catch block to be set to the default in case they're invalid. This tends to be really fast (often around 10 ms [depending on the amount of forms to theme] or less to re-apply) if the colors are valid, but it can be a lot slower than safe color validation if a color or multiple colors are invalid (up to 100 ms or more).
    - Safe color validation: `UseSafeColorValidation() = True`. Default in TE2.x/PortableThemeEngine. Checks whether the color is a valid HTML color, and if it's not a valid HTML color, then it checks if it's in the systems colors list, before assigning the theme colors. If it's neither a valid HTML color nor a valid system color, the default color will be used instead. Tends to be about the same speed whether a color is valid or not (often around 40 ms depending on the number of forms to apply it to, which is only about 10 ms slower than the original theme applying code in TE1.x). ([issue #168](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/168))
    - Description from source:
     <details><summary>Click to show</summary>

    ```vbnet
	' ' libportablethemeengine.vb:
	'
    ' Safe color validation uses regex to make sure the color
    ' that's being applied to a given control is a valid HTML color.
    ' If it's not a valid HTML color, it's looked up in the system colors
    ' list. Disabling safe color validation enables fast color validation,
    ' which relies on an exception handler to make sure colors are valid like TE1.x.
    ' See more details in TE2DotXLoader.GetThemeColor.
    ' 
	' ' TE2DotXLoader.vb:
	' ' GetThemeColor() function
	' ' When safe color validation is enabled:
	'
	' If the calling application wants to use safe color
    ' validation, then we'll use it.
    ' During testing, it seemed to generally be around
    ' 20-40 ms to re-apply a theme, and somewhere between
    ' 60-90 ms (rarely as high as 140 ms or more) to apply
    ' a theme on startup. These numbers are based on
    ' UXL Launcher version 3.3, and it was temporarily
    ' redirected to use PortableThemeEngine instead
    ' of the built-in one. These numbers can vary
    ' depending on the theme. For example, the Default
    ' theme generally seemed to be around 20-30 ms to re-apply.
	'
	' ' If the color in the theme isn't "LiteralNothing" and the
	' ' color is valid whether as an HTML color or as a system color:
	'
	' If the color is a valid HTML or system color
    ' and it's not LiteralNothing, return the color.
    ' One situation where this could be confusing is
    ' if the theme has something like #3 instead of
    ' #363636. In this case, a color with alpha
    ' transparency will be returned, and it might be
    ' confusing. May be a good idea to make sure it has
    ' a length of 3 numbers or 6 numbers.
	'
	' ' When it's disabled:
	'
	' If the calling application wants to use fast
    ' color validation, rely on a try...catch block.
    ' Generally fast color validation is around 10 ms to
    ' re-apply a theme, and about 40 ms to apply a theme
    ' for the first time. These numbers are from testing
    ' PortableThemeEngine with UXL Launcher version 3.3.
    ' Themes with colors that are invalid (such as ones
    ' using "LiteralNothing" like the Default theme)
    ' will take a lot longer to re-apply, sometimes upwards
    ' of 60 ms or more. This is due to running into the
    ' exception handler.
    ' Themes that run into the exception handler can take
    ' over 100 ms to apply on startup, sometimes taking more
    ' than 140 ms.
    ```
  </details>

  - Property `ThemeEngine.UseFullTE1DotXCompatibilityMode()`: Boolean; defaults to `False`. Determines whether theme files that say they support TE1.x/UXL Launcher Theme Engine (or don't say what they support, if the `UseThemeEngineVersion` node is missing) will be applied in a way that UXL Launcher Theme Engine would expect. For example, if the theme file doesn't support TE1.03 or greater, theme files won't be applied to forms other than ones named `aaformMainWindow`. Please don't set this to `True` or unexpected problems may occur if your application isn't UXL Launcher. ([issue #171](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/171))
    - TE1.x compatibility mode uses a shim, and it kinda works as described by the pseudocode in [issue #170](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/170).
    - Description from source:
    ```vbnet
    ' Enabling TE1.x full compatibility mode causes forms not named "aaformMainWindow"
    ' to not be themed if the theme file doesn't support TE1.03 or greater.
    ' Default colors will be applied to forms of other names.
    ' Other TE1.x-related features that UXL Launcher relied on will also be enabled,
    ' but as of April 14, 2020, this is the only one.
    ' This is to allow TE2.x to eventually replace TE1.x in UXL Launcher.
    ' Please don't enable this unless you absolutely have to.
    ' The default is loose compatibility mode.
    ' Loose compatibility mode will have theme colors
    ' applied to any forms passed into the TE1.x shim and is what's
    ' recommended for most applications.
      ```
  - Property `ThemeEngine.ShowThemeEngineDebuggingOutput()`: Boolean; defaults to `False`. Determines whether theme engine debugging information is written to the Visual Studio Immediate Window or another debugger output area. This often contains things like theme file information and theme engine error handler output. May be useful for theme designers to set this to `True` to see if there are any issues with the theme file during debugging.
  - Property `ThemeEngine.AllowCustomThemes()`: Boolean; defaults to `True`. Determines whether the theme engine is allowed to load custom themes from the disk. May be useful for companies that want to have specific themes be used from their application's resources and block loading external themes.
  - Property `ThemeEngine.MatchWindows10ThemeSettings()`: Boolean; defaults to `False`. Determines whether the theme engine should match the Windows 10 light/dark theme settings as set in the Settings app for default app mode if the calling app uses the `ThemeEngine.SelectTheme()` sub.
    - If set to `True`: If the user wants to use the light theme for apps, the Default theme will be applied. If the user wants to use the dark theme for apps, the TenDark theme will be applied. If the Registry key value this feature uses is missing, the Default theme will be applied.
    - If set to `False`: Standard theme selection will occur if the calling app uses `ThemeEngine.SelectTheme()`. Using the `ThemeEngine.LoadThemeFromXML()` sub will bypass both this theme selection procedure and the Windows 10 theme-matching property.
    - Switching between light and dark themes when the user changes the default app mode is not automatic; the calling app has to watch the Registry key value itself.
    - `Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Themes\Personalize\AppsUseLightTheme` is the Registry key value that's being looked at.
- There's now an application called `PortableThemeEngineDebugger` which can be used to test the theme engine with various settings.
  - It allows pasting in a path to a theme file and specifying if it's a custom theme, as well as if custom themes are allowed.
    - If the theme in the theme path textbox is specified to be a custom theme, it'll apply as a custom theme if the checkbox to allow custom themes is checked.
	- If the checkbox to allow custom themes is unchecked, a message will be written in the Immediate Window and the Default theme will be applied instead.
  - This app also allows built-in themes (in `libportablethemeengine`) to be applied if the text in the theme path textbox matches one of the theme files in PortableThemeEngine, either in the format of "NameTheme" or "Name". One example is "TenDarkTheme" or "TenDark".
  - Additionally, there's a radio button that applies a pre-determined theme from XML that's stored in the theme debugger's resources.
  - You can use `PortableThemeEngineDebugger` as an example of how to use `libportablethemeengine` in your own Windows Forms application. Please be aware that it hasn't been tested using .Net Core, though it does work with projects using .Net Framework 4.6.1.
- Applications using PortableThemeEngine can have `ContextMenuStrip` components themed to match the `ToolStripMenuItem` controls by passing the form's `components` container along to the theme engine as described below:
  - Directly loading an XML document and applying it to a form and its components (which is what the ContextMenuStrip is a part of): `ThemeEngine.LoadThemeFromXML(My.Resources.ReturnOfNightTheme_XML, Me, Me.components)`
  - Selecting a built-in theme: `ThemeEngine.SelectTheme("TenDark", Me, Me.components)`
  - Using a custom theme (using a custom theme is specified by passing "(Custom)" as the theme name; sometimes there are cases outside theme engines that someone might want to do custom things instead of what society forces everyone to be, forced to choose between one option or the other): `ThemeEngine.SelectTheme("(Custom)", Me, Me.components, "C:\theme.xml")`
  - Please note that the `Me.components` container is private to each form's class by default, so it may be necessary to place a shared sub/function in each form's class you're going to have context menus on, then call each of the subs/functions from one place in another class or wherever you want to call them from.
    - Example code of how to do this a somewhat-easy way:
	```vbnet
	' To allow theming components on multiple forms, something like this
    ' would need to be done:
    '
    ' Inside sub UXL_Launcher.aaformMainWindow.Load:
    '    Private Sub Me.Load()
    '       ...
    '       UXLLauncher_ThemeEngine.RunThemeEngine(Me, Me.components)
    '       forceOptionsWindowTab.RunThemeEngine()
    '       ...
    '    End Sub
    '
    ' Inside the Options window load sub:
    '     Friend Sub RunThemeEngine()
    '           UXLLauncher_ThemeEngine.RunThemeEngine(Me, Me.components)
    '     End Sub
    '
    ' Inside the UXLLauncher_ThemeEngine class:
    '     Friend Shared Sub RunThemeEngine(formToApplyTo As Form, componentsToApplyTo As ComponentModel.IContainer)
    '           libportablethemeengine.themeenginemain.LoadTheme("C:\Users\drewn\Documents\0GitHub\UXL-Launcher\UXL-Launcher\VB Code-behind\Themes\TE2DotX_TenDarkTheme_XML.xml", formToApplyTo, componentsToApplyTo)
    '     End Sub
    '
	```
  - Context menus that are a part of things like `TextBox`es don't get themed since they're separate from the `ContextMenuStrip` component.
- For TE1.x, default statusbar and statuslabel properties are applied to forms that aren't named `aaformMainWindow` if the theme file doesn't support TE1.03. Also applies to PortableThemeEngine if TE1.x full compatibility mode is enabled.
- In TE2.x, controls are checked against a list to make sure that the theme engine version they were first supported in is the same as, or older than, the version the theme file supports. This is not being backported to TE1.x as it's a lot of work. ([issue #167](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/167))
- An unfinished theme editor is available simply named `theme-editor`. All it can do right now is open a theme and load the colors and stuff into it. I think it only supports TE1.x at the moment.

Changed:
- In TE2.x, properties are used instead of local variables when assigning theme colors and loading in the theme files except for when getting theme info, since that could mess with the currently-loaded theme. This change is not being backported to TE1.x.
- TE2.x uses XML attributes instead of node InnerText for most of the properties. See [`UXL-Launcher\PortableUXLLauncher_ThemeEngine\Themes\TE2DotX_TenDarkTheme_XML.xml`](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/blob/master/PortableUXLLauncher_ThemeEngine/Themes/TE2DotX_TenDarkTheme_XML.xml) for an example of what properties are using XML attributes in TE2.x. Any missing attributes will use the default theme's value. TE1.x themes won't use XML attributes.
- `themeenginemain.userTheme` variable is now `ThemeProperties.themeFileNameToLoad` in TE2.x.
- `themeenginemain` class is now `ThemeEngine` in TE2.x.
- In TE2.x, the theme loading code is now separate from the theme applying code, which is related to using properties for theme colors.
- Several parts of the TE2.x theme loader uses `Select Case` statements instead of `If...Else` statements to reduce the number of times the XML document is read.
- `MenuStrip` controls that are in forms passed into TE2.x now have their renderer set to the one used by PortableThemeEngine automatically. This doesn't yet include toolbars, so for now, toolbars will have to have their renderer set manually in the calling app by something like `toolbar.Renderer = libportablethemeengine.ThemeProperties.toolstripProRenderer` before calling the theme engine. This is not officially supported, and things might crash if there's anything besides buttons on the toolbar (as that's the only kind of toolbar control that's been tested).
- Assigning colors to the toolstrip pro renderer is done outside the part where colors are applied to controls in TE2.x.
- Various comments and debugging output stuff have had their text changed in TE2.x to reflect differences between TE2.x and TE1.x.
- Some subs have been updated to be easier to use in TE2.x, mainly the ones in the `ThemeEngine` class. A lot of those subs have also been made `Private` or `Friend` as well, since they're not useful outside the theme engine.