# UXL Launcher Version 3.4 Release Candidate 1 Changelog
Released on 7/12/2020 (MM/DD/YYYY).

Only two to three months after version 3.3, UXL Launcher Version 3.4 is ready for the release candidate stage. If all goes well, two weeks from now the stable version will be released. This time, the main focus was on re-arranging stuff in the Options window so that the options that probably would be used the most are easier to access. Many controls in the Options window had their text changed to be more specific with what they're for, as well. With the end of support for Office 2010, the defaults have been updated to be Office 2019 with 64-bit Office on 64-bit Windows (or 32-bit Office on 32-bit Windows), as Microsoft now recommends 64-bit Office with Office 2019. Besides that, there are a few other new features and changes that may be of interest. Please be sure to read the Readme included with this version of UXL Launcher or [online](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/uxl-launcher/blob/master/docs/readmes/readme-v3.4-rc1.txt) as it has important info. Also refer to the [System Requirements](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/wiki/System-Requirements).

If you're reading this in Notepad or another text editor, it displays best in Word Wrap view. Click on Format>Word Wrap on the top bar. Notepad++ users will find it under View>Word Wrap. Word Wrap is automatically done if viewing on GitHub or on the website.

## Hashes

You can use Windows PowerShell to confirm the hash of the main UXL Launcher EXE file by running
`Get-FileHash .\UXL-Launcher.exe -Algorithm SHA256` in the folder you extracted the archive to and comparing the output to my sum listed below. HowToGeek has a nice [article on this](https://www.howtogeek.com/67241/htg-explains-what-are-md5-sha-1-hashes-and-how-do-i-check-them/), but the Windows section is a bit further down on the page.

7-Zip also has a way to check file hashes in the `CRC SHA` dropdown in the file context menu. This project is not associated with 7-Zip.

To check the hash for other files, replace `UXL-Launcher.exe` with the appropriate file.

SHA-256 sum for "UXL-Launcher.exe" in the archive:
5C61E5C15FF43818C4E2D1EB51D10FEF4826DE4B5F5467D534A519C55885F581

SHA-256 sum for "lib\libscrollswitchtabs.dll" in the archive:
423A65849280D1F9665AD03094DD8648482E889CD4FA0F7AA4CA7AE8F087C7A7

SHA-256 sum for "UXL-Launcher_v3.4-RC1.exe" (the installer attached to this release):
Not ready yet.


## Added

- New theme: ProDark
  - Description: Dark theme meant to resemble Office 2019's "Black" theme. The colors may not match exactly as they were eyeballed from the colors used in Word 2019. This theme is not associated with Microsoft, and Microsoft Office is a copyright and trademark/registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and other countries.
  - This is the new default dark theme used when matching the Windows 10 theme settings (see below).
- You can now choose which dark theme UXL Launcher uses when set to match the Windows 10 theme settings by changing the `Dark theme for system theme matching` dropdown under `Tools>Options>Theme` (previously `Personalization`).
  - Current choices are `Maudern`, `ProDark`, and `TenDark`. Anything else will be set to `ProDark` and will not be displayed in the Options window dropdown, unlike the theme list dropdown.
  - PortableThemeEngine also gained this feature and was bumped to version 2.1, while the built-in theme engine was bumped to version 1.04. No other theme engine changes are in this version, so themes won't have to change their theme engine runtime version numbers.
  - If you want to specify the dark theme for system theme matching when using PortableThemeEngine, you'd set `libportablethemeengine.ThemeEngine.DarkThemeForSystemThemeMatching` to one of the options above. Anything not in that list will be set to `ProDark`. Once the dark theme is applied, the property will automatically be reset to `ProDark` in case you want to go back to the default dark theme in the same session without specifying it again.
  - `PortableThemeEngineDebugger` may be of use to people who want to experiment with this feature, though you'll have to build it yourself as a binary isn't provided.
- Tabs in the Options and About windows can now be switched between using the mouse scroll wheel. This functionality is provided by `libscrollswitchtabs`, part of the [drews-libs](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/drews-libs) project.
- In case you decline migrating settings on the first startup of an application upgrade, you can now migrate them at any time using the `Migrate settings` button under `Tools>Options...>Maintenance`. **NB: This will overwrite your current settings, so use caution.** It'll only work if you're running the program from the same place as the previous version. This feature may be useful for people using the Zip file version as, by default, that one doesn't ask to migrate settings on first startup if there's a `UXL_Launcher` folder in `LocalAppData`.

## Changed

- Many of the controls in the Options window have been moved around (some across tabs) and had their text changed to better explain what they do. See [pull request #190](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/190) for more details.
  - Switched the tabs for `Bypass configured location` and the Office drive location (now simply `Root drive path`)
  - Instead of requiring users to type in the drive letter they installed Office to, they can now select it from a dropdown of all drives that are "ready". If they change the drive letter manually in the config file, it'll show up in the list, but changing it to something else and saving settings will get rid of it. Please be aware that this means arbitrary drive letters can no longer be placed into the drive letter box as only drives Windows determines as "ready" are available. This is what was originally intended, so it's no big loss.
  - Controls and groupboxes have been resized and repositioned so they look better.
  - Now the `Enable Office 365/Click-to-Run Compatibility` checkbox is hidden if Office 2019 is selected, since it's irrelevant for that version.
  - Tab text update:
    - `General` has been renamed to `Versions + Compatibility`
    - `Advanced` has been renamed to `Root Path`
  - `Enable Office 365/Click-to-Run Compatibility` checkbox has been changed to `Enable Office 365/Click-to-Run Compatibility [line break]
 (Always enabled for Office 2019 and above)`
  - Since 64-bit Office is the default for Office 2019 when downloaded from the Office website, there were changes in the `Root Path` tab:
    - `64-bit Windows` is now `Program Files (x86): 32-bit Office on 64-bit Windows`
    - `32-bit Windows` is now `Program Files: 64-bit Office on 64-bit Windows, [line break]
32-bit Office on 32-bit Windows, or 32-bit Office 2013 from Office 365`
    - `Program Files: 64-bit...` is the new default, since 64-bit Office is now the default download as mentioned above.
    - The description and recommended selection labels have been updated to accommodate this change.
    - Due to Microsoft recommending 64-bit Office 2019 by default when downloading from Office.com, the setting `cpuIsSixtyFourBit` now defaults to `False` instead of `True`. The name would have been changed, but that doesn't allow for easily migrating settings between versions.
- Instead of using `32-bit Mode` or `64-bit Mode` in the titlebar, we'll now display `PF Mode` or `PF-x86 Mode` since that's more accurate to what's going on.
- Office 2019 (`16nomsi`) is now the default version of Office in the Office version selector dropdown and the `userOfficeVersion` setting.
- Tab indexes have been improved so that the buttons at the bottom of the Options window go from right to left instead of left to right. This means that the `Save` button will be reached first instead of `Defaults`, for example.
- If `(Custom)` is selected in the theme list dropdown and there's nothing in the custom theme path textbox, the theme description textbox will now display, "You can use a custom theme by clicking Browse... and picking a custom theme file from the file system or by pasting the custom theme path in the custom theme path textbox."
- The strings with "private" in their names that were used in the Office Locater code have been removed and the public strings are being modified instead. This'll help optimize things.

## Fixed

- Bug: "match system theme" checkbox doesn't block the custom theme controls from being used if "(Custom)" is selected in the dropdown. ([issue #194](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/194))
- Trying to load a custom theme that has something like "1.03..34" in the <UseThemeEngineVersion> node will crash UXL Launcher with an InvalidCastException when opening the Options window, choosing it with the "Browse for a custom theme" dialog, or when switching to using a custom theme and it's in the custom theme path textbox. ([issue #173](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/173), [pull request #174](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/174))
- Maudern's contrast has been greatly improved and is much more usable/readable now. If you still wish to use the previous version, please select `MaudernClassic` in the themes dropdown. MaudernClassic is almost the same as the original Maudern, except that it applies to all windows/forms. ([issue #146](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/146))
- "TenDark" theme button highlight colors are a bit hard to see. ([issue #140](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/140))
- `TextBox BackColor`s are now set to the default value in case a transparent color is specified in the theme file. This change applies to both TE1.03 and TE2.x. ([pull request #174](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/174))
- Greatly improved tab stops in the About and Options windows. Before now, it wasn't possible to use the keyboard to navigate to and activate the "Save" button, which is a major issue. Other than that, the tab stops generally make a lot more sense now. ([pull request #155](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/155))
- Fixed some typos.

## Removed

- Deleted the future change notice from the Options window since it's implemented now.

## Deprecation/future change notices

- TE1.x/UXL Launcher Theme Engine will be deprecated sometime after support for TE2.x/PortableThemeEngine is introduced, and UXL Launcher 4.0 will fully remove support for TE1.x. Estimated deprecation timeline; may be changed at any moment:
  - TE1.x full support; TE2.x gains features to match what TE1.x can do **<-- You Are Here**
  - TE2.x support introduced; TE1.x is still the default but can be switched to using TE2.x via the UI
  - TE2.x becomes the default; TE1.x is deprecated but support is still available and can be used again through the UI
  - TE2.x is still the default; TE1.x is still available, but the UI to switch back to it is removed so you'll have to edit the config file instead
  - TE1.x support is fully removed; only TE2.x remains

## PortableThemeEngine

PortableThemeEngine/TE2.x is basically the UXL Launcher Theme Engine/TE1.x split into its own library so that other Windows Forms applications can use it, and it's licensed under the Apache License 2.0. The first version of it is version 2.0 as it's meant to be the successor to the built-in theme engine. Eventually it'll replace the built-in version as well, likely by the time UXL Launcher 4.0 is out. Please be aware that it's unfinished and doesn't currently support theming every built-in Windows Forms control, and it may never unless other projects need certain controls to be supported.

If you wish to use PortableThemeEngine in your application, you can use the following example code (after  building the solution [since there's no pre-compiled binary package for it yet] and adding it as a reference) to get started quickly, or see `PortableThemeEngineDebugger`'s code for more examples:
```vbnet
' Apply TenDark theme to current form.
' You can import libportablethemeengine if you wish to make declarations simpler.
' "Me.components" is only necessary if you wish to apply the theme to things like
'   Windows Forms context menus. A component is anything that goes in the
'   tray below the Windows Forms Designer.
libportablethemeengine.ThemeEngine.SelectTheme("TenDark", Me, Me.components)
```

Currently-available built-in themes include `Default`, `Eyesore`, `Eyesore2`, `Maudern`, `MaudernClassic`, `Mitty`, `ReturnOfNight`, `RGB`, and `TenDark`. There are also TE2.x-compatible versions of the RGB and TenDark themes, named `TE2DotX_RGB` and `TE2DotX_TenDark`, respectively.

Since TE1.x will eventually be removed from UXL Launcher, care has been taken to make sure TE2.x is backward-compatible with TE1.x themes.

Specifying a theme as a TE2.x theme is done as follows:
```xml
  <!-- "UseThemeEngineVersion" is used to specify the version of the
  UXL Launcher Theme Engine to use in case there are changes in newer
  versions of the theme engine that designers or developers don't want
  to use. Version 1.01 is the oldest version number available and anything
  smaller than that will automatically be set to 1.01 at runtime. -->
  
  <!-- Starting with 2.0, this is changed to be the Theme Engine Runtime Version.
  For compatibility with TE1.x, it may be a good idea to include the
  UseThemeEngineVersion node alongside the ThemeEngine RuntimeVersion node
  and attribute.
  
  RuntimeVersion numbers lower than 2.0 are treated as TE1.x themes, and
  the version number in the UseThemeEngineVersion node will be used instead.
  Same thing happens if the ThemeEngine RuntimeVersion attribute is missing. -->
  
  <!-- TE1.x compatibility: --><UseThemeEngineVersion>1.03</UseThemeEngineVersion>
  <ThemeEngine RuntimeVersion="2.0" />
```

There are some changes that are part of PortableThemeEngine that don't really fit anywhere else, so they're going here. Most of the following changes were copied from [PR 174](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/pull/174)).

Added:
- Apps using PortableThemeEngine can specify multiple things before having it apply a theme as detailed below:
  - Property `ThemeEngine.UseSafeColorValidation()`: Boolean; defaults to `True`. Determines whether fast or safe color validation is performed when assigning theme colors. 
    - Fast color validation: `UseSafeColorValidation() = False`. Works like TE1.x where invalid colors rely on a Try...Catch block to be set to the default in case they're invalid. This tends to be really fast (often around 10 ms [depending on the amount of forms to theme] or less to re-apply) if the colors are valid, but it can be a lot slower than safe color validation if a color or multiple colors are invalid (up to 100 ms or more).
    - Safe color validation: `UseSafeColorValidation() = True`. Default in TE2.x/PortableThemeEngine. Checks whether the color is a valid HTML color, and if it's not a valid HTML color, then it checks if it's in the systems colors list, before assigning the theme colors. If it's neither a valid HTML color nor a valid system color, the default color will be used instead. Tends to be about the same speed whether a color is valid or not (often around 40 ms depending on the number of forms to apply it to, which is only about 10 ms slower than the original theme applying code in TE1.x). ([issue #168](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/168))
    - Description from source:
     <details><summary>Click to show</summary>

    ```vbnet
	' ' libportablethemeengine.vb:
	'
    ' Safe color validation uses regex to make sure the color
    ' that's being applied to a given control is a valid HTML color.
    ' If it's not a valid HTML color, it's looked up in the system colors
    ' list. Disabling safe color validation enables fast color validation,
    ' which relies on an exception handler to make sure colors are valid like TE1.x.
    ' See more details in TE2DotXLoader.GetThemeColor.
    ' 
	' ' TE2DotXLoader.vb:
	' ' GetThemeColor() function
	' ' When safe color validation is enabled:
	'
	' If the calling application wants to use safe color
    ' validation, then we'll use it.
    ' During testing, it seemed to generally be around
    ' 20-40 ms to re-apply a theme, and somewhere between
    ' 60-90 ms (rarely as high as 140 ms or more) to apply
    ' a theme on startup. These numbers are based on
    ' UXL Launcher version 3.3, and it was temporarily
    ' redirected to use PortableThemeEngine instead
    ' of the built-in one. These numbers can vary
    ' depending on the theme. For example, the Default
    ' theme generally seemed to be around 20-30 ms to re-apply.
	'
	' ' If the color in the theme isn't "LiteralNothing" and the
	' ' color is valid whether as an HTML color or as a system color:
	'
	' If the color is a valid HTML or system color
    ' and it's not LiteralNothing, return the color.
    ' One situation where this could be confusing is
    ' if the theme has something like #3 instead of
    ' #363636. In this case, a color with alpha
    ' transparency will be returned, and it might be
    ' confusing. May be a good idea to make sure it has
    ' a length of 3 numbers or 6 numbers.
	'
	' ' When it's disabled:
	'
	' If the calling application wants to use fast
    ' color validation, rely on a try...catch block.
    ' Generally fast color validation is around 10 ms to
    ' re-apply a theme, and about 40 ms to apply a theme
    ' for the first time. These numbers are from testing
    ' PortableThemeEngine with UXL Launcher version 3.3.
    ' Themes with colors that are invalid (such as ones
    ' using "LiteralNothing" like the Default theme)
    ' will take a lot longer to re-apply, sometimes upwards
    ' of 60 ms or more. This is due to running into the
    ' exception handler.
    ' Themes that run into the exception handler can take
    ' over 100 ms to apply on startup, sometimes taking more
    ' than 140 ms.
    ```
  </details>

  - Property `ThemeEngine.UseFullTE1DotXCompatibilityMode()`: Boolean; defaults to `False`. Determines whether theme files that say they support TE1.x/UXL Launcher Theme Engine (or don't say what they support, if the `UseThemeEngineVersion` node is missing) will be applied in a way that UXL Launcher Theme Engine would expect. For example, if the theme file doesn't support TE1.03 or greater, theme files won't be applied to forms other than ones named `aaformMainWindow`. Please don't set this to `True` or unexpected problems may occur if your application isn't UXL Launcher. ([issue #171](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/171))
    - TE1.x compatibility mode uses a shim, and it kinda works as described by the pseudocode in [issue #170](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/170).
    - Description from source:
    ```vbnet
    ' Enabling TE1.x full compatibility mode causes forms not named "aaformMainWindow"
    ' to not be themed if the theme file doesn't support TE1.03 or greater.
    ' Default colors will be applied to forms of other names.
    ' Other TE1.x-related features that UXL Launcher relied on will also be enabled,
    ' but as of April 14, 2020, this is the only one.
    ' This is to allow TE2.x to eventually replace TE1.x in UXL Launcher.
    ' Please don't enable this unless you absolutely have to.
    ' The default is loose compatibility mode.
    ' Loose compatibility mode will have theme colors
    ' applied to any forms passed into the TE1.x shim and is what's
    ' recommended for most applications.
      ```
  - Property `ThemeEngine.ShowThemeEngineDebuggingOutput()`: Boolean; defaults to `False`. Determines whether theme engine debugging information is written to the Visual Studio Immediate Window or another debugger output area. This often contains things like theme file information and theme engine error handler output. May be useful for theme designers to set this to `True` to see if there are any issues with the theme file during debugging.
  - Property `ThemeEngine.AllowCustomThemes()`: Boolean; defaults to `True`. Determines whether the theme engine is allowed to load custom themes from the disk. May be useful for companies that want to have specific themes be used from their application's resources and block loading external themes.
  - Property `ThemeEngine.MatchWindows10ThemeSettings()`: Boolean; defaults to `False`. Determines whether the theme engine should match the Windows 10 light/dark theme settings as set in the Settings app for default app mode if the calling app uses the `ThemeEngine.SelectTheme()` sub.
    - If set to `True`: If the user wants to use the light theme for apps, the Default theme will be applied. If the user wants to use the dark theme for apps, the TenDark theme will be applied. If the Registry key value this feature uses is missing, the Default theme will be applied.
    - If set to `False`: Standard theme selection will occur if the calling app uses `ThemeEngine.SelectTheme()`. Using the `ThemeEngine.LoadThemeFromXML()` sub will bypass both this theme selection procedure and the Windows 10 theme-matching property.
    - Switching between light and dark themes when the user changes the default app mode is not automatic; the calling app has to watch the Registry key value itself.
    - `Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Themes\Personalize\AppsUseLightTheme` is the Registry key value that's being looked at.
- There's now an application called `PortableThemeEngineDebugger` which can be used to test the theme engine with various settings.
  - It allows pasting in a path to a theme file and specifying if it's a custom theme, as well as if custom themes are allowed.
    - If the theme in the theme path textbox is specified to be a custom theme, it'll apply as a custom theme if the checkbox to allow custom themes is checked.
	- If the checkbox to allow custom themes is unchecked, a message will be written in the Immediate Window and the Default theme will be applied instead.
  - This app also allows built-in themes (in `libportablethemeengine`) to be applied if the text in the theme path textbox matches one of the theme files in PortableThemeEngine, either in the format of "NameTheme" or "Name". One example is "TenDarkTheme" or "TenDark".
  - Additionally, there's a radio button that applies a pre-determined theme from XML that's stored in the theme debugger's resources.
  - You can use `PortableThemeEngineDebugger` as an example of how to use `libportablethemeengine` in your own Windows Forms application. Please be aware that it hasn't been tested using .Net Core, though it does work with projects using .Net Framework 4.6.1.
- Applications using PortableThemeEngine can have `ContextMenuStrip` components themed to match the `ToolStripMenuItem` controls by passing the form's `components` container along to the theme engine as described below:
  - Directly loading an XML document and applying it to a form and its components (which is what the ContextMenuStrip is a part of): `ThemeEngine.LoadThemeFromXML(My.Resources.ReturnOfNightTheme_XML, Me, Me.components)`
  - Selecting a built-in theme: `ThemeEngine.SelectTheme("TenDark", Me, Me.components)`
  - Using a custom theme (using a custom theme is specified by passing "(Custom)" as the theme name; sometimes there are cases outside theme engines that someone might want to do custom things instead of what society forces everyone to be, forced to choose between one option or the other): `ThemeEngine.SelectTheme("(Custom)", Me, Me.components, "C:\theme.xml")`
  - Please note that the `Me.components` container is private to each form's class by default, so it may be necessary to place a shared sub/function in each form's class you're going to have context menus on, then call each of the subs/functions from one place in another class or wherever you want to call them from.
    - Example code of how to do this a somewhat-easy way:
	```vbnet
	' To allow theming components on multiple forms, something like this
    ' would need to be done:
    '
    ' Inside sub UXL_Launcher.aaformMainWindow.Load:
    '    Private Sub Me.Load()
    '       ...
    '       UXLLauncher_ThemeEngine.RunThemeEngine(Me, Me.components)
    '       forceOptionsWindowTab.RunThemeEngine()
    '       ...
    '    End Sub
    '
    ' Inside the Options window load sub:
    '     Friend Sub RunThemeEngine()
    '           UXLLauncher_ThemeEngine.RunThemeEngine(Me, Me.components)
    '     End Sub
    '
    ' Inside the UXLLauncher_ThemeEngine class:
    '     Friend Shared Sub RunThemeEngine(formToApplyTo As Form, componentsToApplyTo As ComponentModel.IContainer)
    '           libportablethemeengine.themeenginemain.LoadTheme("C:\Users\drewn\Documents\0GitHub\UXL-Launcher\UXL-Launcher\VB Code-behind\Themes\TE2DotX_TenDarkTheme_XML.xml", formToApplyTo, componentsToApplyTo)
    '     End Sub
    '
	```
  - Context menus that are a part of things like `TextBox`es don't get themed since they're separate from the `ContextMenuStrip` component.
- For TE1.x, default statusbar and statuslabel properties are applied to forms that aren't named `aaformMainWindow` if the theme file doesn't support TE1.03. Also applies to PortableThemeEngine if TE1.x full compatibility mode is enabled.
- In TE2.x, controls are checked against a list to make sure that the theme engine version they were first supported in is the same as, or older than, the version the theme file supports. This is not being backported to TE1.x as it's a lot of work. ([issue #167](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/issues/167))
- An unfinished theme editor is available simply named `theme-editor`. All it can do right now is open a theme and load the colors and stuff into it. I think it only supports TE1.x at the moment.

Changed:
- In TE2.x, properties are used instead of local variables when assigning theme colors and loading in the theme files except for when getting theme info, since that could mess with the currently-loaded theme. This change is not being backported to TE1.x.
- TE2.x uses XML attributes instead of node InnerText for most of the properties. See [`UXL-Launcher\PortableUXLLauncher_ThemeEngine\Themes\TE2DotX_TenDarkTheme_XML.xml`](https://github.com/DrewNaylor/UXL-Launcher/blob/master/PortableUXLLauncher_ThemeEngine/Themes/TE2DotX_TenDarkTheme_XML.xml) for an example of what properties are using XML attributes in TE2.x. Any missing attributes will use the default theme's value. TE1.x themes won't use XML attributes.
- `themeenginemain.userTheme` variable is now `ThemeProperties.themeFileNameToLoad` in TE2.x.
- `themeenginemain` class is now `ThemeEngine` in TE2.x.
- In TE2.x, the theme loading code is now separate from the theme applying code, which is related to using properties for theme colors.
- Several parts of the TE2.x theme loader uses `Select Case` statements instead of `If...Else` statements to reduce the number of times the XML document is read.
- `MenuStrip` controls that are in forms passed into TE2.x now have their renderer set to the one used by PortableThemeEngine automatically. This doesn't yet include toolbars, so for now, toolbars will have to have their renderer set manually in the calling app by something like `toolbar.Renderer = libportablethemeengine.ThemeProperties.toolstripProRenderer` before calling the theme engine. This is not officially supported, and things might crash if there's anything besides buttons on the toolbar (as that's the only kind of toolbar control that's been tested).
- Assigning colors to the toolstrip pro renderer is done outside the part where colors are applied to controls in TE2.x.
- Various comments and debugging output stuff have had their text changed in TE2.x to reflect differences between TE2.x and TE1.x.
- Some subs have been updated to be easier to use in TE2.x, mainly the ones in the `ThemeEngine` class. A lot of those subs have also been made `Private` or `Friend` as well, since they're not useful outside the theme engine.